I have a confession to make our success
in business is not just the result of
our organic social media strategies
that's right for over a decade now my
mom and myself have both used paid
advertising to help grow our channels
and our businesses sorry for being so
dramatic hopefully this doesn't come as
too much of a shock to anyone you've
probably seen some of the ads that we
run already so this probably wasn't a
surprise but it's something that we
don't talk about that often and it's
something that we don't talk about not
because we're ashamed of using paid
advertising but just because admittedly
I'm not an expert when it comes to
running ads on Facebook or Google or any
other social network for that matter and
neither is my mom shelene we have
learned a lot over the last few years
we've interviewed numerous experts we've
worked with agencies and different media
buyers and ads managers but it's not our
expertise it's not what we are best at
there are a lot of strategies that apply
to organic social media marketing that
also apply to paid advertising but it's
just not my forte it's not my bread and
butter however with all that being said
I recognize its power I believe that for
your brand or business to reach its
Highest Potential it requires not just
organic social media but also paid
advertising and that's why I'm really
excited that in today's episode of build
your tribe I'm sharing with you a
conversation that I had with not one but
two ads experts and not just one of
their names is Steven both of their
names are Steven today I am interviewing
Steven Johnson and and Steven Blackburn
of Rich from anywhere and while you
might think of the worlds of organic
social media marketing and paid
advertising as opposed to each other and
clashing and constantly at War it's
actually a marriage that can be very
beautiful it's two strategies that can
work together really well and that very
much feed into each other of course the
majority of our episodes of build your
tribe are about creating good content
and growing on Instagram and monetizing
on Tik Tok and building an email list a
a lot of those strategies a lot of the
best practices are going to apply to the
conversation that I'm about to share
with you we're going to talk about
things like where do you get started
should you hire a coach or a manager or
an entire agency or should you just do
your advertising yourself at what point
should you get started like after you've
made $10,000 after you have 10,000
followers when do you start considering
running ads we're going to talk about
how advertising plays into your organic
social media and how your organic social
media can also help boost your ads
speaking of boosting we're also going to
talk about boosting and whether or not
you should boost posts even if you only
have $5 a day to spend on Advertising
today's episode is for you Steven and
Steven are going to help you get it
figured out they're going to help you
learn where to get started what the
right path forward is and we're even
going to talk about what they're seeing
as overarching trends like what is
working when it comes to ads right now
versus what's less effective and make
sure you stick around to the end because
they have one very very exciting piece
of news that I hadn't even considered
myself that is going to be a serious
game changer for running ads on Facebook
and meta and Instagram in the coming
year they have a extremely generous
offer something that I don't know if
they've ever made before so make sure to
stick around to learn more about that
free opportunity I'm going to quit my
yapping here's the full
interview Hello Steven and Stephen
welcome to build your tribe Brock what's
going on brother nice to meet you man
good to be here yes pleasure pleasure to
meet you and thanks for having us of
course very excited to have you guys
today to uh talk about a topic that as
we were just talking about offir is so
important and it is something that we do
in every area of our business every area
of Team Johnson has some sort of paid
advertising component yet I recognize
I'm not an ads expert my mom is not an
ads expert um and so I'm really excited
to get to talk to you guys today because
it is such a huge opportunity for our
audience and I think there's so much
unknown for our listeners when it comes
to running ads and where do you start
and how do you start and so let's just
start there you know at what point
should someone consider running ads
especially if they let's say they've
already gotten to the point where they
have a product whether it's an offer a
service a digital good they have
something to sell at what point do they
consider running ads for that thing for
sure man so uh uh I I I'll jump in first
so when it comes to running ads uh you
have to understand your product so what
we like to do before we even start
paying for ads we like to focus on what
it's being what it's able to do
organically right because then it can
tell us whether it's a proven product or
or a non-proven product now obviously to
do this you have to have some sort of a
tribe together in order to see if it
works organic
but if you do not have have a tribe or
you do not have have customers that have
already bought from you in the past then
the best way to test it out is to
actually start running some ads and you
know before you start running ads you
want to make sure that you have a lot of
the backend stuff in place as well but
but just to answer your question uh you
know if you have a have a brand that
does not have a tribe yet yes go ahead
and run ads because a lot of times
that'll give you the advantage here's
one thing about ads ads are kind of like
you know back in the 90s when when Mark
Maguire and Sammy Sosa were out there
just hitting a bunch of home runs and
and and just literally like taking the
MLB by storm and then we find out
they're using performance-enhancing
drugs that's that's ads for you right
it'll it'll level up everything that you
do yeah and to add on to that too I
think if someone is like looking to like
ask that question hey when I when should
I start running ads I think it is the
best if you already have a validated
product meaning like people are buying
your stuff right you have a you have a
little bit of momentum you know
something's actually selling that's when
it's time to start you know putting some
gasoline on the fire and and Facebook
ads are like an incredible way to do
that man gotcha would you ever recommend
running ads if not only do you not have
like a tribe or the product isn't proven
would you ever recommend running ads if
they didn't even have a product yet like
if they're still just trying to grow
audience and they don't really know what
they're going to sell would there would
there be a purpose for ads at that point
I think you could still you could still
do that um and that's the amazing thing
about ads is you can you can gather such
an incredible amount of data for
honestly really not that much money you
know people come to us a lot and they're
like man Facebook ads are so expensive I
can never like run ads that sounds like
it's just gonna tear a hole in my pocket
but I'm telling you right now it is not
that expensive right when you run with
the right strategy like we have students
in our coaching programs that are
spending less than $5 a day and
collecting incredible information on
stuff and just getting that information
really really quickly that way you can
let the data tell you which products are
working which hooks are working what
videos are working let the data tell you
I think that's actually a really big
thing that people need to hear when it
comes to building a business and
figuring out what products to sell and
all this kind of stuff never ever ever
let your emotions dictate what you sell
right let the data tell you what to do
and I think that's honestly why we've
had so much success with ads and why our
business is on an upper trajectory right
now is because like the only thing that
I know is that I don't know anything
right I just let the data tell me
exactly what to do and and honestly it's
never let us a stray man so I think that
you can you can definitely use ads if
you want to figure out you know what
product this is back in the day when we
used to do e-commerce and we were doing
Drop Shipping this was like eight years
ago that was one of the biggest
strategies was you had to find a winning
product and in the beginning you didn't
know what a winning product was so you
had to test out with ads to figure out
what that winning product was going to
be um so yeah you can absolutely still
do that and you can do it with lead
magnets you can do with all types of
stuff man yeah and that that's honestly
what I wanted to touch on for those of
you that don't have a product yet but
you kind of have an idea of what it is
that you want to do the best thing that
you should be doing is running ads to a
lead magnet now we talk about lead
magnets real quick a lead mag magnet is
something that you give away a lot of
times for free in exchange for someone's
information so when you're thinking
about creating your lead magnet for
those of y'all listening create
something that pertains to what it is
that you're going to be selling on the
back end later give it away for free
right run ads to it and start collecting
those names phone numbers and emails
because once you have that data and that
information now whenever you create your
product or your service it's a it's a
Text Blast or an email blast away from
you getting an influx of sales because
now you already have the customers ready
to buy from you so so lead Magnus are a
great way to do that yeah yeah and I
second that I mean that's exactly what
we do in our business and that's also
what we see working the best is when
we're sending our ads or when we're
using ads to send people to our lead
magnets our premiums or even our like
lower expense offers like our $7 trial
things like that what we've seen at
least and this could be you know I'm
sure it varies industry to Industry
product to product ad to add but from
what we've seen as we start to advertise
for our more expensive products or even
our more expensive options of products
um the ads get tougher it gets tougher
to find that client the cost per
conversion goes up and all that stuff
but I know you briefly mentioned you
know the idea of budget and you said
some people in your coaching program are
spending as little as like $5 a day so
can you talk talk to me more about
budget and what people should
realistically expect because I know
that's got to be one of the biggest like
you know stopping points that people
have is like whoa I don't listen guys
this sounds great but I don't have
$50,000 to spend on ads what should you
what would you say to that person I
always recommend when someone is new to
running Facebook ads that they start off
with a pretty delicate budget right and
when I say that I mean between five
bucks and 15 bucks per day to start with
right
and the reason why we do that is because
in the beginning you don't necessarily
know what's going to work for you yet
right you don't know what targeting is
going to work for you you don't know
what videos are going to convert you
don't know what images are going to
convert you really have no idea so
anyone out here that's telling you that
you have to go off the go out of the
gate spending 500 bucks a day thousand a
day and you don't even have any
experience running Facebook ads I
honestly would not listen to them at all
right um You don't have to do that now
if you are a super high level
entrepreneur and 500 bucks a day is
nothing to you then yeah you could test
that and you're going to collect data
and get the information very quickly
right so you can do that if you want to
but for anybody who's not necessarily at
that level yet don't feel like you need
to spend hundreds of dollars a day you
can collect an incredible amount of
information by spending 10 bucks a day
and then at that point here's what you
do you start running these ads and
what's going to happen is you're going
to start running these ads and all of
these numbers are going to start popping
up in your Facebook ads manager right
and this is the crucial part these
numbers that are popping up inside of
your account are literally a language
it's literally a language that's telling
you exactly what's working and why it's
working it's showing you what's not
working and why it's not working so you
can now start to make strategic
decisions based off of what's making you
money and what's not making you money
right and and and like with any language
if you don't understand the language
like bro Brock I could be giving you the
key to life right now right but if you
don't you don't speak my language then
you're going to be like I don't
understand what he's saying right it's
the same thing with Facebook ads if you
don't speak the data language and you
don't know what Facebook's trying to
tell you then you're going to be like
most people who go into the ads manager
and they're just like going all
willy-nilly just running ads randomly
throwing you know what against the wall
and and and then they turn into one of
those people who say Facebook ads don't
work well it's not that Facebook ads
don't work it's that you just don't know
how to work them you know exactly
exactly and while we're having this
conversation about budget I do want to
preface that by saying if you're
boosting your posts stop boosting your
post right like like we have a phrase
that we we like to say boosting your
post is literally the devil okay it's
the devil and the reason why is because
here's what Facebook does they see that
you created an organic post and it does
pretty well and then and then they hit
you with the little notification and
they say hey Brock you know that post
there that got 50,000 views you could
get you could get 200,000 more if you
just put $5 more to the budget and they
make it seem like it's like this really
easy thing to do um and a lot of people
fall fall into that trap and they simply
just start running ads from their phone
right and and that's one thing for your
listeners I want y'all to understand
that you do not want to boost your post
because when you boost your post you do
not have control the way that you think
you have control like with us we get
really we get really into the
nitty-gritty when we run our ads and we
like to truly control our audiences and
who we're targeting and the locations
we're targeting and we get really
specific when we run our ads but if you
do it by boosting your post it's very
Broad and it it's honestly not effective
at at all and actually when we started
running ads that's what we did we
started boosting our post we SP yo you
just
right you just gave me instant anxiety
right when you said that bro yo it it's
it's so crazy and hard to talk about at
the same time we spent about $5,000 on
ads the wrong way before we realized
that we were doing it wrong and you know
the reason why is because we were
literally on YouTube trying to figure
out through the abyss of different
techniques and and and conversations we
were trying to figure out what worked
and we got asay we got Led Led to to the
wrong
information and the re and here let me
let me say this
too one thing that the the greatest
thinkers in the world have in common I'm
talking about like uh Steve Jobs Elon
Musk like the greatest thinkers in the
world that have created billion dooll
businesses you want to know the one
thing that they have in
common it's the fact that they have the
ability to stop
thinking which is is crazy when you
think about it they literally have the
ability to shut off the thinking Switch
and Go and execute right but a lot of
times these these entrepreneurs that are
out here getting started there's so many
different strategies in their head and
so many different techniques in their
head and they start thinking too much
and when you start thinking too much too
much thinking leads to your ship sinking
and I see a lot of entrepreneurs out
here who are thinking way too much and
they have that analysis by paral or
paralysis by analysis and they're just
looking at all these different ways to
do things and as a result they do
nothing at all and it's very dangerous
so I I have to preface that because I
want you to understand that there's a
lot of people that that teach this stuff
you have to find the right people that
are going to guide you and lead you to
the promised land because there's a lot
of BS out there too so you have to make
sure you're making the right decisions
and then execu on it thing though right
like we spent that five grand with
Facebook ads made zero sales by the way
nothing and it took us three months to
make zero sales right so we literally
were like okay at three months by the
way this is at a time where we were
broke music artists right anybody who
looks into our story like we were music
artists we were broke we got into
Facebook ads because we wanted to find a
way to just fund our music career that's
it so we were like hey let's run some
ads let's start an e-commerce store
let's watch some YouTube videos and we
did spent five grand that we didn't have
and just dug ourselves in a deeper hole
and then we're like okay we made no
sales where at that point we were like
okay uh that didn't work I'm not going
to do that again so let's find somebody
who already has proven results who
already knows what they're doing and
let's just F see if they can help us so
luckily we found a guy who knew what he
was doing and he had great track record
so we ended up just paying him to teach
us now his mentorship was $5,000 right
which is which is crazy now like looking
back on it how we spent five Grand and
then we had and then we had to spend
another five grand to have him Coach us
so now we're 10 grand in the hole
because neither of us have money at this
point we're like broke working two jobs
that we hated um all types of situations
going on right so we had a business
credit card we tapped out our credit
card just trying to learn this stuff um
this was honestly our last shot I was
like dude if this doesn't work I'm gonna
be Bartending for the rest of my life
like um so this guy comes in he looks at
the way that we're running our ads and
he's like oh well no wonder you guys
aren't making sales dude like you're not
doing anything right right change this
do this targeting say this on your ad
switch these things up we did it I'll
never forget this until ever I'll never
forget this because we made that change
we went home that night launched the ad
and we ended up making a sale within
eight hours by the time we woke up in
the morning we had a sale on our
phone this was the moment that changed
everything for me personally because and
it and it wasn't because we're rich
right like yeah I think the sale that we
made was like was it $15 it was like a
yeah it was like $12.99 plus like $6
shipping super cheap product that wasn't
the that wasn't the thing the thing that
went off in my mind was oh someone that
I didn't know saw an ad that I ran went
to my website and actually purchased
with me like it was that Epiphany moment
that this actually does work right and
so like we saw that dude I busted into
his room and I was like bro put your
space like space suit on cuz we about to
take this thing to the Moon bro yeah and
I actually didn't say that I didn't
actually really say that but I wanted to
yeah yeah no no I I know the feeling
that that first sale is is a GameChanger
and then when it's the first sale from
ads it's a game changer it's I hear it
from like every single entrepreneur I
talked to that first sale even though
it's usually like 10 bucks or 15 bucks
it's such a light bulb moment it's such
a game changer it's such a validation
that this is possible I loved what you
said too much thinking leads to the ship
sinking that is very poetic and uh it
makes sense with your guys's musical
background um but I couldn't agree more
and that's something that I'm always
preaching is you have to just take
action and you guys were talking about
you know finding the right strategy or
the right person to teach you the right
strategy and the way you find that right
strategy or that right answer quote
unquote is by taking action like how do
you run 100 meters well there are
multiple ways that you could do it and
some are going to be faster or slower
but ultimately they're all going to be
faster hopping on one leg backwards is
going to be faster than sitting at the
starting line and like thinking about
well what would be the fastest what
would be the best way to do it so I love
everything you guys are saying I want to
go back though um to what you were
talking about speaking the language the
language of ads and I remember when I
first kind of stepped into the role of
CEO of our business and it wasn't just
me with my two-person team it was me
with a large team and I'm on these
meetings and they're talking about
things like Raz and all these like fancy
acronyms and I don't want to get too
lost in the sauce here but can you talk
to me a little bit more about the
language and when someone opens up their
ads manager what are some like things
that they should be looking for things
they should be caring about so as you
said they're not just going in there
willy-nilly and pressing random buttons
yeah that's a great question man first
of all just to touch on what Brock just
said make sure you guys are running your
ads from your ads manager right like he
just said don't don't boost your post it
doesn't work you want to run your from
your ads manager and by the way all of
you guys have access to an ads manager
it's free it's just like the business
you know so there's two sides to
Facebook there's a the front end side
where like your profile picture and you
talk with your friends and stuff and
then there's a back end of Facebook
called the business manager and you can
literally get there by going to
business. face.com and you can set up
your ads manager and that's where you
run your ads from all right so so then
that's where you run your ads from and
when you start running ads all these
numbers start popping up and that's the
language that we're talking about so
here's the thing guys I don't want you
to get overwhelmed because the thing is
running ads is actually really easy it's
not complicated the reason why most
people think it's complicated it's not
because the the subject matter is hard
it's because their studying method is
wrong right they're going and they're
just watching 800,000 YouTube videos
watching learning from 800,000 teachers
and wondering why they're confused like
of course you're confused that's not the
way that humans learn right you need to
learn one person needs to sit down with
you and say okay look boom this is step
one here's step two here's step three
now do those three things come back
let's look at the numbers and let's
tweak from there and if you do that
repetitively you are going to blow your
business up period but like I say all
that to say that there's a lot of
metrics inside of Facebook but you don't
need to pay attention to all of them
there really is only a handful of
metrics that are super super important
to you um that you need to pay attention
to and I don't know how how many we can
go in today but I'll give you one for
instance yeah there's one in particular
called what we call the
CT right CTR stands for clickthrough
rate right and a lot of people hear that
and they're like okay clickthrough rate
what does that even mean right let me
basically all it is is like what
percentage of people who saw your ad
clicked on it and that's cool that's a
pretty analytical marketer definition
right but what what give me that in like
a Layman term what does that mean in
like plain English right because that's
what we like to do we like to translate
like all this data marketing lingo to
like people who speak plain English
right what a CTR is telling you your CTR
is telling you how well your video or
your image is resonating with your
audience that's all it's doing it's just
a it's just a marker saying hey your CTR
is really low that means that people are
not rocking with your video because
they're just scrolling right past it
they're not clicking on it but if you
have a very high CTR then that means
people really are are resonating with
your video or your image or whatever
creative you're using because they're
clicking on it at a high rate okay now
the next thing you need to understand is
that there are benchmarks for each one
of these metrics so for instance if
you're running a Facebook
ad and you're trying to figure out so
for instance like a benchmark for a CTR
right what we like to keep it at is at
1% or higher
okay 1% or higher and this is this is
the game changer because now you don't
have to wonder if your video is working
good or not you don't have to use your
opinion or emotion you use data if it's
less than 1% then what that tells you is
that your video or your image is not
resonating with your audience very very
much and you need to switch out your
creative try something different now if
it's at 1% or higher then typically that
means that people are they're resonating
with with your creative and that's not
the issue so you're like Okay cool so if
your ad's not working then okay my CTR
is above 1% that the video is not the
problem let's move on to the next betric
and let's and let's di try to diagnose
it elsewhere does that make sense though
yeah yeah I think that does so if I'm if
I'm tracking if like let's say my
click-through rate is like
2.2% I can then assume okay the video
the ad the photo whatever the actual
content is that's doing its job in in
terms of getting people's attention
getting them to actually click but then
maybe once they click they go to a sales
page and then something on the sales
page isn't working maybe there's like
copy on the sales page that isn't
converting someone or maybe they go to
the sales page but the link is broken or
they go to the sales page and then they
go to another checkout page and then
they go to a fourth page and then
there's like 17 more pages before they
ever even become a customer so basically
what you're saying is at least we then
we can Whittle down to find what the
actual problem is rather than trying to
fix a 100 different things at once yes
100% And you reading metrics essentially
the reason why you have to understand
how to read the data and understand the
language is because of what you just
said it helps you to identify specific
bottlenecks within your flow right
because here's what most people do most
people will run an ad one time right
they'll hit the publish button one time
and that's it's very easy to just hit
publish one time and just hope and cross
your your fingers and hope that you get
some sales but that's where most people
stop is right there and the reason why
they stop is simply because they don't
understand what what just happened they
don't understand anything so if if the
ad is successful and they got a few
sales they're like okay cool I guess I'm
Gonna Keep it running I don't know but I
guess but then there's the other side if
you're running the ad and you don't get
sales then you just cut it off and if
you don't know how to read the data then
at that point you're you're literally
stuck
so that's why when you don't get sales
you have to look at these metrics
because it helps you to essentially
diagnose your ad we're like the ad
doctors and for those of y'all watching
right now think about your think about
your brand and how you run ads as you
being the doctor the ad doctor so when
you go into your ad account and you
start looking at these metrics every
single metric speaks to a certain thing
that you're doing in your business
correctly or incorrectly that's that's
literally it so if you can understand
the metrics honestly the top marketers
in the world that's what they're doing
and that's why they're successful it's
all about the metric here's the thing
like agencies marketing agencies will
literally charge you 5,000 bucks 10,000
$20,000 a month in
retainers to do what it is that we're
telling you to do right now right and
I'm not I'm not again not saying that
agencies are all bad but a lot of
agencies are not really getting people
really great results and a lot of them
are even very doing some crazy stuff
that I'm not even going to talk about
like stealing your pixel data and all
types of wild stuff but literally if you
learn the skills that we're telling you
right now you're learning the skills
that agencies charge you 5,000 a month
for so now all of a sudden you don't
have to hire an agency for 5K a month
you can keep that money and put it
towards your own ad spend or like a lot
of our highlevel entrepreneurs who are
very busy they like they like to
actually just train an in-house team
right maybe it's your wife or your
husband or or your your son or your
daughter or a cousin somebody that you
trust who actually has the your best
your best interest at heart right
because at the end of the day agencies
don't really care about your your comp
your business right they're gonna do the
bare minimum just to not get fired just
saying and and the agencies don't like
us by the way so I'm okay with saying
this right AG hate us because we teach
people how to not need agencies you know
what's really funny is so we were on uh
Ryan Pan's podcast and I don't know if
you know Ryan but he's a you know
multiple seven figureure entrepreneur
he's big in real estate and for the
longest time he was going out
Outsourcing hiring
agencies then he decided to bring it
inhouse he was like you know what the
agencies are cool but let me go ahead
and bring it inh housee and as soon as
he brought it in house he realized that
he was making more money more return on
ad spin doing it inhouse than actually
Outsourcing to an agency so so the
results are to twofold because no longer
do you have to spend money 5K 10K a
month on an agency so now you're saving
that 10K but now you can use those 10ks
toward that that 10K towards ads and not
have to pay an agency so you're really
saving money I guess it really comes
down
to what it is that you want to do in
your business if you're an on the-go
entrepreneur and you simply just don't
have time to run ads then maybe an
agency is the thing but even if you
consider an agency you should also
consider hiring a team member that you
can train up on ad so that at least
everything is in house you know so I
just wanted to put that out there yeah
yeah no I I th% agree and that's
personally what we've done as well we've
had years of having this agency and that
agency and we're with an agency for five
or six months and then the uh the
results start slowly diminishing and we
start seeing that you know they're
adding more people into their agency and
they're not really giving us you know
the right treatment anymore
whatever um and then we eventually part
ways we hire a new agency and it's kind
of like a repeat of this process
eventually now we have brought a lot of
our advertising inhouse as well um for
just that that control piece but I love
also what you're saying about learning
the skills first and I think that that's
true in pretty much every area um of
Entrepreneurship and business it's going
to benefit you to learn to do it
yourself first maybe not master it but
at least learn the basics so that if
nothing else you know what to look for
you can hire someone and you know what
to hire you can hire an agency or a
person or whatever and you know what to
look for um I think that's I think
that's absolutely huge and that's true
social in organic content as well I
think a lot of people are like well hey
I don't like making content it's not my
thing so I'm going to hire an agency to
do it for me but then you don't know why
the agency is or is not working exactly
and there's a million other problems
that could come with that as well um but
speaking of content obviously the that
you're running is basically a form of
content right whether it's a photo or an
infographic or video or text or whatever
it is content so does making a good ad
essentially boil down to being able to
make good
content
absolutely 100% And this is where our
Two Worlds Collide Brock is because
you're big when it comes to organic
content and creating content that
actually converts and and all of these
things so if you take bro
strategy of creating effective organic
content and and making money that way
you can see amazing strides let's say
you post for 30 days straight or let's
say you post every other day for 30 days
this is where our two strategies really
align look back over those past 30 days
inside of your Instagram or your
Facebook or your Tik Tok wherever you're
creating the content and start looking
and seeing which particular pieces of
content perform the best which one got
the most comments which one got the most
shares and likes and and things like
that then what you want to do is you
want to take that Visual and you want to
run ads to it because if it did well
organically there's a really good chance
that it'll do well inside of the ads as
well and I I I love the marriage between
organic and paid ads I truly believe
that you should be doing both of these
things because that strategy right there
that that I just gave y'all is gold yeah
if you can tap it's it's a killer
combination like the the organic with
the paid together is is a killer
combination dude and by a little quick
tip for you guys when you're running ads
definitely you're probably going to want
to prioritize video over images now I
will say split test though you want to
split test right because again the only
thing I don't know the only thing I know
is that I don't know anything at all and
I'm gonna split test and let the data
tell me but what we found in the the
accounts that we're running and we're
running ads for some of the biggest
names in the game on the back end and
we've been doing so for a while and
video always tends to outperform the
images right and it's kind of simple to
think about when you when you really
think about it like you know what they
say about an image is worth a thousand
words right well a video is worth a
thousand images right so you're getting
way more information and way more
context in a short amount of time and
plus we just live in a very video
Centric world so videos are going to
tend to perform but the other thing that
the reason why organic and paid work so
well is because sometimes people will
see your organic stuff and they'll come
to your website and they'll check you
out but then what
happens the doorbell rings the baby
starts crying the dark the dog barks
whatever it is and then they leave your
website right and actually for those of
you who don't know like most websites it
like a a standard conversion rate is
about
3% right it's about 3% 5% if you're like
a rock star right so what that means is
if 100 people hit your website your goal
is to get three of those people to
convert isn't that crazy to think about
like yeah so when you flip that upside
down that means that 97% of people who
hit your website even if you have a a
great website are going to leave and
we've done a lot of research on this
we've dug into this particular topic and
a lot of times people are not leaving
because they're not interested in your
stuff they're leaving because they got
distracted by something right because we
live in this world of just like a
million distractions right even for me
like I go on a website I leave that
website bro I forgot I was on the
website five minutes later right I'm off
doing something completely different so
this is when we Implement something
called retargeting ads and retargeting
ads are your most profitable form of
Marketing Online period Point Blank
there are no debates right because it's
it's the digital form of following up
with people and you know what they say
about the followup the fortune is in the
followup right so what happens is these
people they come to your site they saw
one of your organic posts it was amazing
they check your website out they're like
M and then ding dong and then they go
off right and then like later that night
they're chilling on the couch scrolling
through Instagram like everyone does and
one of your ads pop up and say hey what
happened you were checking on our
website what happened you like go
complete your order now or go book your
call now and then they're like oh yeah
that's right I completely forgot about
that I was I I meant to do that let me
go ahead and do that now right so
imagine if you guys don't have
retargeting ads set up right now you are
literally leaving thousands tens of
thousands maybe hundreds of thousands of
dollars on the month on the table every
month by not retargeting people because
they want your stuff they just have to
be reminded that's it and retargeting is
a is is amazing way to do it and and
it's really again it's all easy to do
it's not hard you set a retargeting ad
up and you launch it and you let it run
and it's just going 247 it's like the
best assistant ever right who doesn't
doesn't take off days y exactly and if
you go to our Instagram at Rich from
anywhere you better believe you're gonna
be retarget tared a lot and one thing I
want to mention practice what we preach
over here no we do we do and I I do want
to mention this too for those of y'all
that are just going out here and simply
thinking you could just pop up an ad and
it it goes crazy one thing you have to
do first is you have to make sure that
you have the Facebook pixel connected to
your website m that is a must that's a
big part and I know a lot of people
listening might not know what the
Facebook pixel is so I'm just going to
break it down for you really quickly the
pixel is this little itty bitty piece of
code that you put on your website and I
know a lot of times when you hear the
word code it's like a it's like a danger
word it's it's like yo code that's
intimidating but Facebook makes it
really easy I promise you to install
this pixel onto your website now what
the pixel does is the pixel tracks the
that people perform on your website so
for instance let's say that you're
driving people to
um to to your website and they come to
your website and then they visit the
product page then they add a product to
cart and then they purchase those are
literally four different events that a
person has done on your website the
pixel tracks all of those events which
is which is awesome so now the pixel
communicates back to Facebook and
literally stores that person inside of
Facebook now what gets even funner is
that you can use the pixel to create
something called a custom audience okay
a custom audience is a segmented group
of people that have performed a specific
action on your website so for instance
let's say that you drive a thousand
people to your website and a hundred of
them add a product to the cart you can
tell Facebook
hey Facebook you know those 100 people
that added a product to my cart I want
to go ahead and segment those particular
people into their own little community
of people or into their own little box
so now what you've done is you've
created what's called a custom audience
of just those 100 people so let's just
say this let's say you create a custom
audience based off of anyone that's
purchased from you let's say you've
gotten a thousand purchases over time
would you say that those thousand people
all have something similar they love
your brand they have enough money to pay
for your product they're all about Brock
Johnson right all thousand of those
people so you can go to Facebook and say
yo Facebook you know those thousand
people that bought from me I want you to
create a custom audience of those people
and then what I want you to do is take
those people and create what's called a
lookalike audience and this is when it
gets really fun because essentially a
lookalike audience is where you take the
custom audience of people and you tell
Facebook to create more people that are
exactly the same as the people that have
already bought from you so now check
this out though because Facebook is
really good Facebook will create the
lookalike audience for you but it's not
going to be just a thousand people based
off of the people that bought from you
it's literally going to be 2.7 million
new people that are exactly the same as
as the people inside of your custom
audience so you take that lookalike
audience and you start running ads to
just th those particular
people that's when it goes really crazy
that's that's when you start having
record months after months after months
is when you can really utilize Facebook
the way it's designed to be used because
again we've been talking about this all
show Facebook ads are very easy it is
not difficult to do I know somebody's
over here listening like yeah but like
how do we know that that lookalike
audience is actually accurate right how
do we know that these people actually do
look like these people who've already
purchased this is where Facebook I think
has has the has the the trophy on all
other AD platforms right Facebook has
52,000 data points on every single
profile on Facebook
52,000 I want you guys to think about
that for a second like like if you ask
me to name 52 things about myself it
would take me a long time 52 things face
Facebook's over here knowing 52,000
things so like when we say Facebook
knows more about you than you know about
you like it's the truth they really do
and um and by the way a data point is
something like you know what type of
videos you like to watch what type of
videos you click on what time in the
morning do you typically open up your
Facebook or Instagram app right all
these things they even scrape data off
of Facebook on websites that you're
looking at they're listening to your
conversations dude they got everything
okay they know everything about you and
from a consumer standpoint it is
terrifying but if you're watching this
vid video you are a business owner and
from a business standpoint this is gold
this is where things get crazy so so
that's the reason why when we when we
take an audience of people who purchased
with you and you plug it into Facebook
and say hey Facebook go find me millions
of people that look just like these
people but they're different people
trust me when I say it is extremely
terrifyingly accurate um and your
business is going to go crazy that gemm
that you just dropped like that's that
was enough right there like that was
enough that's that's the bar that's the
bar right there yeah you guys have been
dropping lots and lots of gems and
honestly I mean may maybe I'm in the
minority with this I know you said from
the consumer standpoint it's terrifying
I think it's definitely crazy that they
have 52,000 data points on me personally
I'm like take as many as you need
because if I'm going to get an ad that
is perfect for me I'd much rather see an
ad that I'm like oh my gosh yes like I
I've been wanting this my whole life
thank you Facebook for showing this to
me rather than some random like you know
product that I have no interest in at
all but may maybe that's just me what I
was GNA say was I want to mention this
too because you're big with Instagram
growth you know Tik Tok is
reportedly possibly more than likely
about to get banned yeah right um I was
reading a stat the other day and this is
going to make you excited and this is
going to make a lot of people that want
to advertise on Facebook very excited
if Tik Tok does get
banned 55% of the users on Tik Tok are
going to come to Facebook and Instagram
which number one means more eyeballs on
Instagram for your organic content but
more
importantly 55% of those eyeballs of
those billions of people are coming to
Facebook which means those data points
that Facebook's going to get on them are
going to be extremely accurate and my
prediction is if this does happen that
Facebook ads are going to be even
stronger because of it I just wanted to
point that out and and and going back to
what you were saying earlier about um
like targeting the right people at the
right time with the right stuff this is
where like the debate of like Google ads
versus Facebook ads is always like a
pretty big debate like which one's
better right they both work Google ads
for us has always been way more
expensive and we've gotten way higher
cost per result with with Google ads so
tend to do Facebook um way more plus
Facebook has way more data on its users
than Google does um it's crazy um but
the other thing the reason why we love
Facebook ads so much and Instagram ads
is because we call it Interruption
marketing right because what we're doing
with Facebook ads is we're interrupting
people's daily habits and they're just
scrolling on Facebook and then here we
come boom interrupting them with some ad
and the reason why this is so powerful
is because yes people out here they have
problems and your your business solves
those problems right but the thing is
that sometimes people have problems and
they don't necessarily know what the
solution is for that problem so if
Google ads is more search based how are
people going to go off and search for
something that they don't even know
exists very true and that and that is a
lot of times in business or in life when
we have a problem sometimes we know what
the solution is and we just need to go
search for it but sometimes we have
problems and we have no idea what the
solution is so how are we going to
search for something that we don't to
exist and that's why Facebook ads are
also very important for finding uh your
customers that are looking for your
stuff they're praying for your stuff
they just don't know that you're there
right and I'm telling you right now
there are tens of thousands hundreds of
thousands possibly millions of people
out there that would love to buy your
stuff right now if they just knew that
you existed yeah and that's it yeah
absolutely absolutely and and to even
add on to everything you guys are saying
first of all I love the stat you said 55
million coming from Tik Tok to Facebook
and Instagram or was it 55% 55% okay 55%
so that's massive like that is that's
probably over a 100 million because I
think there's like 200 million Americans
or 300 200 million Americans who are on
Tik Tok something like that or50 so
anyways it's huge number um so yeah
that's exciting I'm looking forward to
that I on a personal note hope Tik Tok
doesn't get banned but on a uh business
note if if it's going to benefit my
Facebook ads that much uh maybe maybe
may I am in favor of it um but also if
that happens in like January or whenever
that's supposedly going to happen that's
also post election cycle which I know is
something we haven't even talked about
today um and I know it might be
something that people listening haven't
even considered but I also am aware that
like election years are heavy for
political advertising and so it often
means that like businesses who are
advertising during you know the next few
months as we run up to this upcoming us
election um have basically more
competition is that accurate or is that
just kind of a outdated way of thinking
of mine no actually you're right and
what you're referring to is uh the CPM
which is your cost per 10,000
Impressions because and the reason why
that's accurate Brock is because the way
that Facebook ads work is it's an
auction process right so the cost of
your ads is all dependent on who's in
the auction so for I'm going to use this
as an example let's say that you go to
an auction and there's five people in
the in the room with you auctioning for
for a particular item right I know that
if I'm going to an auction with just
five people in it I'm probably not going
to have to pull out the big bucks to win
that auction because there's not as much
competition yeah but then if I go to an
auction and there's thousands of people
inside of this auction I know I better
bring my checkbook because I'm going to
have to bid a lot higher to outbid
everybody else that's the same way that
ads work ads are an auction process so
when you're running your ads if you
notice that your CPM or your cost goes
higher all that means is that there's a
lot of people that are inside of the
auction running ads to the same
audiences that you're targeting as well
and Facebook does what's called
automatic bidding so they pretty much
bid on your behalf and the reason why a
lot of people love automatic bidding is
because Facebook will never go crazier
than the amount of daily budget that you
have so they're they're they're bidding
on your behalf and it's pretty
reasonable but sometimes you'll see that
your cpms are $70 $80 and that's an
extremely high cost to pay for a
thousand Impressions it's it it's
extremely high so we want to keep our
cpms um lower but that to your point yes
that's exactly what happens and not
necessarily not just during election
season but it also happens during the
holiday season when people when all
these advertisers know that this is the
time when people are spending the most
money they're literally throwing money
at everything right you you'll notice
that your cost the cost of your ads will
be more expensive during those times
simply because everybody's advertising
um at that time so to your point that's
a great observation that's exactly
correct man like anytime there's an
influx of businesses running ads um
you're going to see your CPM get a
little bit higher gotcha all right that
makes sense um um before we go I'd love
for each of you to just give one last
word of advice one last tip one last bar
um something to share with my audience
stage is yours what I'll say is this in
order to to truly be successful you have
to understand this
particular concept and it's very true
there's been scientific studies on this
thing
right if you hang around people that
have a very low expectation of you you
will fall to those standards every
single time but if you hang around
people that have a very high expectation
or a high demand of you you will rise to
those standards every single time and
it's really interesting if you if you're
in the I don't know if you're in the
sports Brock but if you look at how
records are set it's really interesting
because if you look back to the 60s or
the 70s uh you know NBA for instance
like there there there were scoring
Champions back then and there were
people that that scored
thousands and thousands of points but
then if we look at things today all
those records have been
broken the reason why records are broken
is because the previous generation
didn't have a high enough threshold to
aim for and us as human beings we are we
we are very goal oriented and if we see
something done then we can try to top it
and we can we can wrap wrap our mind
around it right so back then in the 60s
they didn't have the high goals or high
standards to aim for so their goals or
and their standards were a lot lower but
somebody like LeBron James who's the
leading scorer in NBA history I will
argue that the reason why he is so
successful and he is as amazing as he is
is because he had very high standards
and very high accolades to aim for he
was aiming for Jordan and Jordan had
specific stats and these things that he
were was aiming for so it's a lot easier
for you to break records within your
business if you have high standards for
what it is that you're trying to
accomplish I love it I love it couldn't
agree more thank you guys so much I
appreciate you we'll link everything up
in the show notes down below appreciate
you guys again thank you so much for
listening today Rich from anywhere is
linked up down in the show notes below
this episode make sure to send them a
direct message on Instagram with the
word rich4 r i the number two and the
number four make sure to just get
started that's my final piece of advice
that's my final recommendation just like
anything to go all the way back to my
analogy about running a 100 meter dash
sure the fastest most efficient way to
run it might be the way you sane bolt
does it it might be you know with proper
running technique and running in a
straight line but ultimately even if
you're crawling backwards doing a crab
walk on your butt you're going to be
moving faster and you're going to be
moving forward towards that goal towards
the Finish Line way more efficiently and
way faster than someone who's sitting at
the starting blocks thinking about
what's the best way to move forward so
so I want to encourage you to take
action and I want to encourage you no
matter what stage you're at in business
or growing your brand online to consider
incorporating paid advertising into your
overall strategy thank you for listening
don't forget to subscribe and I will see
you next week and as always happy
networking
[Music]